[Music]
hello everyone welcome to the kitchen
and we're gonna make some instant
vanilla ice cream so I'll tell you what
you're gonna need to do this 1 kilo of
ice 300 mils of cold semi skim milk pour
2 TSP of vanilla extract tablespoon of
castor sugar and 6 tablespoons of rock
salt and you're also going to need some
plastic food bags
the first thing we need to do is pour
the milk into the medium feedback I've
got 2 medium food bags on one large bag
so it goes
and then I'm going to add my vanilla
extract and my castor sugar to this just
seal them up and just the safety in case
of any leaks I'm going to put it inside
another medium food bag
[Music]
now I'm gonna add the ice to the large
bag I think the best way to do it is
just use your hands back there that's
about a kilo that I've got in there
there we go
now I'm gonna tip the rocks all into the
ice and this is where the magic happens
because the rocks all when it contacts
the ice it's going to make it go super
super cold and melt really quickly and
help us to get our instant ice cream so
it goes and then I'm gonna pop in my
medium bags of milk and I recommend
wearing a pair of other gloves your
hands gonna get really cold now I just
need to get shaking this for 10 to 15
minutes until the milk turns into ice
cream so if you're doing this with kids
they can even have fun by throwing it
between each other I'm just gonna get
shaking
[Music]
and I can see in there that's definitely
starting to freeze you can see the bags
kind of quite stiff now so I've got a
few more minutes to go you definitely
need to share this activity I hope
you've got lots of kids to be doing this
with because it's a warm me out by now
well that's definitely Darlington see
that's all lovely and frozen kind of
like just soft scoop consistency and now
it's time to see the magic has happened
oh yeah look at this completely frozen
instant vanilla ice cream
[Music]
her little taste oh that's delicious
all that shouting was well worth the
effort I hope you enjoy watching the
video I hope you'll make your own
instant vanilla ice cream too and if you
do share your pics and use the hashtag
stay safe get cooking
[Music]
you